I made an app that can copy paste sound
it's true over the past 6 months I've
been toiling away spending a thousand
hours of My Life Learning the ins and
outs of audio processing and navigating
a poorly documented codebase to bring
you the consumer the product of your
dreams picture this you're watching a
video and you hear a cool sound you'd
like to use in your project so you think
wow that was a cool sound I'd like to
use in my project but I don't want to
download the entire video just to get it
maybe I'll record system audio from my
computer instead it's only easy as one
download and install system audio
drivers two create aggregate audio
devices and then switch audio inputs and
outputs to use these devices pull up
your audio or video editing program go
to your settings change your input audio
Source close your settings prepare for
recording click record go back to the
video play the sound you want check out
this cool
sound stop playing the sound you want go
back into your audio program stop
recording done and then you just got to
repeat that process for every single
thing you want to grab all I wanted was
something simple where I can press a
button to record press the same button
to stop then be able to just paste that
recording into whatever program I'm
working with so I searched for an app
like that and that's when I realized it
didn't exist yet so I went ahead and
made it I introduce to you sound
paste here's the app in action press
your hotkeys to begin recording play a
video check out this cool sound press
the same hotkeys to stop recording
scroll over to the editing program of
choice in command V the audio you
recorded appears
that's it notice you don't need to
interact with the actual audio file it
just appears in your clipboard for you
to paste anywhere you want and I can't
repeat this enough if you're someone who
does a lot of sampling for music for
videos or for anything else that
requires lots of bits of sound from
various places sound Pace will save you
so much time also any program you can
paste audio into will work with this app
so Premiere logic Ableton Live Sony
Vegas denture resolve FL Studio and more
here are some other features the app has
so here you can record system sound
easily without needing to download any
external drivers and if you want you can
add an input source here you got this uh
icon that turns red when it's recording
that way when the app is in the
background you know you're recording you
got this clean little track view where
you can
play and you can also drag your
recordings anywhere you want and now in
the settings you can create your own
hotkeys to start and stop recording here
over here you can automatically copy
your recording to the clip word when
it's done so you can just copy paste it
anywhere automatically you can give your
sounds a custom file name when saving
your so as an example you could just
call them something like no one could
possibly believe how easily you got this
sound unless they knew you use sound
paste in which case they'd Pro they'd
probably believe you MFA you can enable
a sound indicator when starting and
stopping
recording and then you can even switch
directories to load and save your audio
files got to say pretty Hightech stuff
so if anything I just said interested
you there's a 7-Day free trial so try it
out or not but if you decide to try it
out and you like it enough you can buy
for eight bucks with free updates for
Life sound paste copy paste
[Music]
sound